{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11540\viewh19800\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 Design Journal\
Luke McConnell
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b \ul Oct. 23\

\f1\b0 \ulnone We divided the tasks for the midterm presentation and started working on our Gantt chart and design matrix. We wrote the problem statement. 
\f0\b \ul \
\
Oct. 24\

\f1\b0 \ulnone We began sketching and doing background research to develop ideas for our design, and finished the design matrix and Gantt chart. 
\f0\b \ul \
\
Oct. 31\

\f1\b0 \ulnone We made our midterm presentation and modified our problem statement. 
\f0\b \ul \
\
Nov. 6\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \ulnone I built the cardboard chassis for the car and we started adding components to it, including the motors, Arduino/sensor shield, and motor controller. \

\f0\b \ul \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulc0 Nov. 7\

\f1\b0 \ulnone I finished the CAD of the cardboard chassis and we wired the motor controller and other components. 
\f0\b \ul \
\
Nov. 14\

\f1\b0 \ulnone I continued working on the CAD of the car, wrote code for integrating the IR sensor, and tuned the potentiometer to make the car stop before the wall. 
\f0\b \ul \
\
Nov. 21\

\f1\b0 \ulnone We added 2 more IR sensors to the car and wired them to the system. I added to the CAD and adjusted the placement of the sensors to make them closer to the ground. Started working on CAD files for 3D print/laser cut. 
\f0\b \ul \
\
Nov. 25\

\f1\b0 \ulnone I finished my work on the CAD files for the 3D printed motor/sensor mount and laser cut chassis and we worked on completing the tasks necessary for the design sprint. 
\f0\b \ul \
\
Nov. 26\

\f1\b0 \ulnone We continued working on the design sprint tasks. Started to assemble the car using the 3D printed/laser cut components. 
\f0\b \ul \
\
Dec 3.\

\f1\b0 \ulnone Found out that the car was too big - began to redesign a new laser cut chassis which would fit the size requirements. \

\f0\b \ul \
Dec. 12\

\f1\b0 \ulnone I continued to polish up the final CAD to be submitted and made adjustments to the laser cut part to fit the size requirements, and worked on paperwork for the final project report. 
\f0\b \ul \
}